The previous lesson we set up our Ajax request and we can see that all of that information is being
retrieved whenever we click the button.
We're going through all the different states.
And then finally at the 4th ready state.
We've got some response text so it's not our condition in order to check all of the different ready
States and wait till we hit number four before we try to retrieve our data.
Also we want to make sure our status is 200.
So sh our status and we're going to check to see if it's 200 and if it is at that point then we're ready
to console log out and we're actually ready to return back our data or response text.
So we're going to grab it's actually our response text so we grab the value of that and we see that
we got a ton of text coming back there.
So this isn't just on format it even though it is within a song format.
It's still a string.
It's still taxed.
So the way to update this is we can parse it out as Jason so we can do Jason parse the javascript function
that gives us the ability to parse sote string formatted Jaison.
So let's click and so now we can see that we've got results and we've got a number of different results
here within this API.
So we've got categories we've got trivia questions here so incorrect answers.
So we've got a question.
We've got the correct answer is true and difficulty is easy.
And that's the category.
So it can really easily set up a quick mini trivia game where we can see if the user is able to guess
all of those answers.
So let's set up this data in a usable format.
Opening up our editor open up full screen so we can take a closer look.
So we saw that we're passing through this you are l but we still have a problem that that content is
being output within this function and we can't do something like return if we do that then we're actually
not going to capture that correct information.
So this is where we need to do a callback because this Ajax request is working asynchronously.
So what's happening here is that the ready States making that connection to the API and it's waiting
till the ready state is ready.
So until the status is 200 to output that text.
So if we immediately try to return it back then we're not going to get any type of response.
So this is where we need to do a callback and we can do it within a format of a callback function.
So the way that this is going to work is that we're going to actually pass through a function and when
we do get some data that we can make use of it within our function.
So here is where we can console log that data.
So this is essentially that returned information.
And then within here let's set up callback and start a console log.
This is going into the callback function.
So let's try the suit.
So we're Konsole logging the data the return data.
At this point now we can get rid of the clicked.
We don't need that anymore.
And just make sure that we are getting the callback information.
So there we go.
So that is working properly and now we're ready to loop through this information and build out our quiz
game.
So that's coming up next.